how many people in the universe get to
meet the doctor
let alone travel with her being with the
doctor you don't get to choose when it
stops
whether you leave her or she leaves you
the dog would really want us to keep an
eye on the planet right but how's that
possible
if you don't help the human race is
going down you're with us
as of now you will see new defense
drones
at work these machines are going to
change the world
yo remember rose i'm captain jack
harkness
and i'm immortal are you feeling
insecure because you seem to need a lot
of praise
do i prepare for maximum
extermination not you guys
don't move now jack
stay strong
people waiting for you
don't forget to click below and
subscribe to the official doctor who
youtube channel
you